d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\cabinet.mdf
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\cabinet_log.ldf
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.dll.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\FirstFloor.ModernUI.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.add.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.adobe.bridge.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.arrow.collapsed.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.arrow.corner.up.right.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.arrow.down.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.arrow.expand.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.box.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.camera.flash.off.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.camera.flash.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.camera.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.cards.club.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.cards.diamond.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.cards.heart.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.cards.spade.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\appbar.check.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\ModernUI.HelloKitty.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\ModernUI.Love.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Assets\ModernUI.Snowflakes.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\ContentPlaceHolder.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction2.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction3.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction4.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Settings.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\WindowPrismDemo1.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\ContentPlaceHolder.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction2.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction3.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Introduction4.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\Settings.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\Pages\WindowPrismDemo1.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.g.resources
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin\obj\Release\UIShell.WpfShellPlugin.pdb
