d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\UIShell.BundleManagementService.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\UIShell.iOpenWorks.BundleRepository.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\FirstFloor.ModernUI.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\AppCenterUserControl.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\BundleManagementUserControl.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\InstallBundlesWindow.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\AppCenterUserControl.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\AppCenterWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\BundleManagementUserControl.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\InstallBundlesWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\AppCenterWindow.baml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.g.resources
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\obj\Debug\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin.dll.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\Plugins\UIShell.WpfAppCenterPlugin\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
