d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.iOpenWorks.Bootstrapper.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.iOpenWorks.BundleRepository.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.OSGi.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.PageFlowService.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\bin\UIShell.OSGi.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\App.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF_Content.g.cs
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.g.resources
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF (1)\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF\obj\Release\UIShell.iOpenWorks.WPF.pdb
